docs: manifest releaser doc (#827)
googleapis/release-please: docs/manifest-releaser.md

# Manifest Driven release-please

release-please can be setup to use source controlled files containing releaser
specific configuration (the `release-please-config.json`) as well package
version tracking (the `.release-please-manifest.json`).

> The motivation to move to a config and manifest file approach is a new feature
> for monorepos: a combined release PR for all configured packages. Maintaining
> multiple package releaser configs and tracking multiple packages' versions is
> consolidated in these new files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motivation of the manifest-based releaser is support support for monorepos:

* a combined [Release PR](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please#whats-a-release-pr) will be created for all configured packages.
* release configuration for potentially hundreds of libraries is combined in two configuration files.
```

Note: currently only `node` and `python` release types are supported.

## Quick Start

> Create a minimal `release-please-config.json`. E.g. for a single JS package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a minimal `release-please-config.json`, e.g., for a single JS package:
```
